### Difference between Cathedral Model and Bazaar Model:
Although I would have never imagined that Bazaar model can be effective and productive, especially as a developer, but considering the open-source community and all the successful complex projects under its belt, ther is no doubt that Bazaar model is productive and effecient. But this doesn't mean that every project can be done the Bazaar way, if the problem at hand is exclusive of public domain or too simple to solve, Cathedral model will be a good adaptation. Therefore, I would prefer a model based on the general circumstances as mentioned above. 


### Quotes
* ##### Release early, release often. And listen to your customers.
* ##### The next best thing to having good ideas is recognizing good ideas from your user. Sometimes the latter is better.

The lesson that I get out from these quote is that it is okay to be vulnerable in the context of esarly bugs and crashes. Every software produced initially goes through a cycle of detecting undetermined/uneexpected bugs, so the earlier we start noticing those bugs, the earlier we will fix them and our software will be more mature as compared to releasing later on in the timeline. Releasing often will help us in getting rid of old bugs right away which can be exciting instead of working with the known bugs. Listening to customers is all about pin-pointing the bug and fixing the logic flow, the early you do it, the less logic refactoring will be required in the long-run. 

### Free vs. Open
Similarities: Free source and Open sourcer are similar in the respect that they have approximately the same type of licenses.
Differences: Free cource, as a concept is misleading, often assumed to be free of cost and liberty, which obviously is not the case with liberty. Open-source, therefore is a good approach to solving this issue and implying the difference in underlying values between 'open-source' and 'free-source'.

### Personal Progress
I have shortlisted two issues and have been talking to the community for that purpose. Will wait to officially start on those before I am assigne d but I am spending time on understanding the problem anyway.
