---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---


### **Open Source**:
#####   I think of collaboration upon hearing the term open-source. Open source projects, with the passage of time, have the characteristic of being less expensive than a commercial software of the same kind. Since there are many eyes vetting the source code from a developer's perspective, it is also reliable. It also helps build a community of like minded individuals working towards the same goal. One disadvantage is the lack of technical support for the software.
#####   With closed-source software, because it is for profit, they do well in areas like tech support, reliability and security. One disadvantage of closed source software is that high price associated with it.
#####   I wanted to learn more about the types of software, developer communities and ethics associated with them.

### **Favorite Open Source Projects:**
##### **Thunderbird:**
* ###### Thunderbird is an email client which is light, runs really fast and is very effective for spam email filtering. Possible substitutes for Thunderbird are Microsoft Outlook, etc..

##### **AdBlock Plus:**
* ###### A simple, yet powerful browser extension to enhance the browser surfing experience. Other substitutes for the same functionality are Ghostery, Disconnect, etc..

##### **VLC Media Player:**
* ###### VLC Media Player is a powerful media player that can adapted to pretty much all type of media files. One media player enough to fulfill any kind of media file requirements. It's substitutes are Windows Media Player, Quicktime, etc..

##### **Freemind:**
* ###### Freemind is mind-mapping software very efficient for digital brainstorming without getting distracted of irrelevant details. I haven't come across a software like that yet.
