### "Perfection (in design) is achieved not when there is nothing more to add, but rather when there is nothing more to take away."
I think the gist of this quote are designs that are extremely specific and address only a small problem, so that a combination of such design solve a bigger problem. This is the reason why the quote is talking about not taking anything away form it because every component in the design is essential for the problem that design is trying to solve.

### "Often, the most striking and innovative solutions come from realizing that your concept of the problem was wrong."
As a developer, I have experienced often times trying to solve a problem with a wrong understanding/perspective of the problem which doesn't take me anywhere. This quote is ephasizing on the importance of breaking the problem down into smaller pieces and understanding the bigger problem it's trying to solve.  That perspective, of the problem, comes in very handy for the developer in their approach to solving the problem.

### When the rose is not a rose?
One of the most beautiful feelings in Software Development is when the software is functioning as expected and there are no undetected/unexpected bugs. Same is the case for Eric's fetchmail when he realized the number of email-subscribers were downhill, the reason not being the community not interested, but because the software was functioning properly, the developer community started opting out of email substrictions because they played their role in the transformation of the 'rose'.  

### Team Progress:
My team issued apull request ofr the project. I have recently been assigned to one of the issues so I will be working on it.
