## Personal Progress
I have picked gatsby.js to be my team project. Considering my intermediate skill level in JavaScript, I think this would be a good project to challenege myself and hopefully I will be able to make a couple of contributions.

I started out by understanding the community on issues tab, specifically, how friendly is the community in expplaining the problem and how active are they. Turns out that they are pretty active and firendly which is a good sign for a newbie like me in open-source. I am currently digging deep in open issues to find something beginner-friendly to work on.


## Wikipedia:
I personally think Wikipedia is a great platform to quickly learn something. A downside is that since people can freely contribute, at a specific time, the information might not be accurate. An upside though that counters this downside is that since people can freely contribute, an information that is not true won't stay the same for a longer period of time, especially if the if the information is about a popular topic. Therefore, Wikipedia is a good platform for learning fairly quickly but I think it is always a good idea to counter check that information to make sure it's not wrong.

As per my understanding, people who are very passionte about learning and sharing it across will be the one making contributions. There is also another group of people who would make contributions and these are people who are passionate and possess knowledge about a specific issue, for example, knowledge about a very specif area, place, region, culture which is not accessible/expereinced to/by the general public for whatsoever reason. I dont know if I will become one in the future or not but one thing which I know is that I will be making sure that the information is always true, if not, then contribution time!!
